# Configurations, rules, and several scripts to confirm some Lemmas

## Requirements
+ Python 3.8+

## Data
+ There are five directories (```reducible```, ```K1```, ```K2```, ```imply1_star```, ```imply2_star```) where configuraion files are placed. All these directories consists of ```conf```, ```dconf```, ```log``` directories. ```conf``` directory contains configuration files. ```dconf``` directory contains island (dual of a configuration) files, ```log``` direrctorry contains log files of reducible checker. The files with the same filename excpet for the extension correspond (e.g. ```conf/proj0001.conf```,```dconf/proj0001.dconf```, ```log/proj0001.log```). In each directory, the file that collect results of reducible checker named ```summary.csv``` is placed. The file is generated by ```summary.py```. In only ```reducible``` directory, subdirectory ```img``` that contains the drawing of configurations exists.
+ In ```rule``` directory, All rule files used for the discharging are placed.

## Distance 5 in configurations (Lemma 3.16)
The program ```dist5.py``` is used to prove Lemma 3.16. The pseudo code that corresponds to ```dist5.py``` is described in Section C.2.
We run the program twice. First, we check all pairs of vertices of distance 5 in the configuration in $\mathcal{K}$. Second, we check all pairs of vertices of distance 5 in the configuration in $`\mathcal{K}_1, \mathcal{K}_2, \mathcal{K}_{\text{imply1}}, \mathcal{K}_{\text{imply2}}`$, which descried in Section D.1, but we checked these configurations by checking configurations in $\mathcal{K}$ under more strict condition.
```bash
python3 dist5.py reducible/conf 
python3 dist5.py reducible/conf --imply
```

## Bigger implies smaller (Claim 3.18)
The configurations in ```reducible/``` are all reducible, which is denoted as $\mathcal{K}$ in our paper. In the proof of Claim 3.18 in Section D.1, we explain several sets of configurations. The configurations in ```K1/```, ```K2/``` correspond to $\mathcal{K}_1, \mathcal{K}_2$ in our paper. The configurations in ```imply1_star/```, ```imply2_star/``` correspond to a subset of $`\mathcal{K}_{\text{imply1}}^{\ast}, \mathcal{K}_{\text{imply2}}^{\ast}`$ in our paper.

The configuration files enumerated in ```K1/```, ```K2/```, ```imply1_star/```, or ```imply2_star/``` are generated by the following commands. The island files are generated from configuration file.

```bash
bash imply.sh 1 reducible/summary.csv reducible/conf K1/conf imply1_star/conf
bash imply.sh 2 K1/summary.csv K1/conf K2/conf imply2_star/conf
```

## 6,7-cut (Claim 7.5)
The program ```cut6.py``` is used to prove Claim 7.5. The pseudo code that corresponds to ```cut6.py``` is described in Section C.4. We prepared the shell script (```6cut.sh```) to check it easily.

```bash
bash cut6.sh reducible/summary.csv reducible/conf cut6result.txt
bash cut6.sh K1/summary.csv K1/conf cut6result_K1.txt
bash cut6.sh K2/summary.csv K2/conf cut6result_K2.txt 
bash cut6.sh imply1_star/summary.csv imply1_star/conf cut6result_imply1_star.txt 
bash cut6.sh imply2_star/summary.csv imply2_star/conf cut6result_imply2_star.txt 
```


